I had a dream about you
last night.
About me?
Yes, is that entirely proper
for you...
About the day we met.
Do you remember?
How could I forget, Miss Swann?
How many times must I ask you
to call me Elizabeth?
At least once more,
Miss Swann, as always.
There. See?
At least the boy has a sense
of propriety.
We really must be going.
There you are.
Good day, Mr. Turner.
Come along.
Good day.
Elizabeth.
What... hey.
Hold up, there, you.
It's a shilling to tie up
your boat at the dock.
And I shall need to know
your name.
What do you say
to three shillings,
and we forget the name?
Welcome to Port Royal
Mr. Smith.
Two paces march!
Right about-face!
Present arms!
This dock is off limits
to civilians.
I'm terribly sorry.
I didn't know.
If I see one,
I shall inform you immediately.
There's some sort of high-toned
and fancy to-do up at the fort.
How could it be two upstanding
gentlemen such as yourselves
did not merit an invitation?
Someone has to make sure
this dock stays off limits.
It's a fine goal to be sure.
But it seems to me
that a ship like that
makes this one here
a bit superfluous, really.
The Dauntless is the power
in these waters, true.
But there's no ship as can match
the Interceptor for speed.
I've heard of one.
It's supposed to be very fast.
Nigh uncatchable.
The Black Pearl.
Well, there's no real ship
as can match the Interceptor.
Black Pearl is a real ship.
No.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
I've seen it.
You've seen it?
Yes.
You haven't seen it.
Yes, I have.
You've seen a ship
with black sails
that's crewed by the damned
and captained by a man so evil
that Hell itself
spat him back out?
No.
But I have seen a ship
with black sails.
Oh.
No ship that's not crewed
by the damned
and captained by a man so evil
that Hell spat him out
could possibly have black sails,
therefore couldn't be
any other ship
than the Black Pearl.
Is that what you're saying?
No.
Like I said,
there's no real ship
as can match the Interceptor.
Hey!
You!
Get away from there!
You don't have permission
to be there.
I'm sorry.
It's such a pretty boat.
Ship.
What's your name?
Smith.
Or Smithy, if you like.
What's your purpose
in Port Royal Mr. Smith?
Yeah.
And no lies.
Well, then, I confess.
It is my intention to
commandeer one of these ships,
pick up a crew in Tortuga,
raid, pillage, plunder,
and otherwise pilfer
my weaselly black guts out.
- I said no lies.
- I think he's telling the truth.
If he were telling the truth,
he wouldn't have told us.
Unless you wouldn't believe
the truth even if he told you.
May I have a moment?
You look lovely, Elizabeth.
I apologize if I seem forward,
but I must speak my mind.
This promotion throws
into sharp relief
that which I have not yet
achieved.
A marriage to a fine woman.
You have become
a fine woman, Elizabeth.
I can't breathe.
Yes, I' m a bit nervous myself.
And then they made me
their chief.
Elizabeth?
Elizabeth!
My God.
The rocks!
Sir, it's a miracle
she missed them.
- Will you be saving her?
- I can't swim.
Pride of the King's Navy,
you are.
Do not lose these.
What was that?